- ♪ Rise of the... ♪
♪ Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles ♪
♪ Rise of the ♪
♪ Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles ♪
♪ Heroes in the half-shell
Turtle power ♪
♪ Rising up against evil
paint the city green ♪
♪ Raph is ready for a fight
Leo's making a scene ♪
♪ Mikey's got mad skills
Donnie rocks machines ♪
♪ With each other
they discover ♪
♪ Their destiny and rise ♪
♪ Cowabunga ♪
♪ Rise of the ♪
♪ Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles ♪
♪ Heroes in the half-shell
Turtle power ♪
♪ Rise ♪
[both laughing]
- Oh, yeah!
Mystic metal needed!
- Top coin paid!
- Mystic metal needed!
[laid-back music]
- I don't know about this plan.
If we want to find the last
pieces of the Dark Armor
shouldn't we be out there
chasing down rumors
and shaky leads?
- It's called
crowd-sourcing, Raph.
Why bust our own humps--
- When there are thousands
of yokai in the city
who can bust their humps
for us?
They schlep their scraps to us,
and we just chillax here
and see if any of it
is part of the Dark Armor.
- Okay, I do like
the laziness angle,
but I'm not taking sides...
yet.
[grunts]
- Ooh!
A seller!
[suspenseful music]
♪ ♪
See what happens when you give
our ideas a chance, Raph?
- [clears throat]
Eh?
♪ ♪
[electronic beeps]
- Excuse me, we are a reputable
fly-by-night organization.
How dare you bring
this worthless garbage in!
- Aha!
Epic plan fail!
- We haven't failed yet.
The glow on that piece
is off the charts!
- Told you, Raph!
Dark Armor, here we--
[truck horn blasts]
[hard rock music]
- Hey!
You owe me money!
[metallic clank]
- [moans]
- Now we're square!
[laughs]
- No!
- Repo-stinkin'-Mantis?
- Now you see
why I had my doubts?
- Of course I do,
which is why I've been
on Team Raph this whole time!
- My turtle!
Member since day one.
- Chillax.
We know where he lives.
Let's go get that piece back.
- Now, here's the plan.
We're gonna smash our way in
and keep smashing
until we smash that armor piece
right into
our smashy little hands.
- Yuh-huh.
While you were planning
your predictable Smash-capade,
Michael and I were crafting
a superior plan
based on our extensive
knowledge of the subject.
[snaps]
- Question--
who is Repo Mantis?
[dramatic music]
Answer--
Repo Mantis is...
motivated by greed!
- Dolla dolla bills, y'all!
- Now, you guys stay
in the car
while Donnie and I pose
as wealthy junk buyers
and smooth-talk Repo
into giving up
that armor piece, baby!
- Sure, this can't go wrong.
- I do say, good man,
Maxwellton and I
are wealthy junk moguls
looking to sink loads of money
into top shelf garbage.
- Dear me, Armbruster, I just
found money in my pocket!
Remind me to burn this
when we get back
to the slag lake
at Martha's Scrapyard.
[slot machine ringing]
- Oh, you guys sound fancy, eh?
[chuckles]
Come on, I'll show you around.
- Ugh, how long
is it gonna take
for this plan
to fail miserably?
- Everything is for sale.
Just don't go
in that bus over there.
No matter how much
you might think
there's something great
in there,
do not go in that bus,
do you understand?
- That's it.
It's on the bus.
- Pip pip.
Pardon, good sir,
but my colleague and I know our
way around a junkyard or two.
- Perhaps you could
be a good assistant
and bring us
a nice refreshment?
- For a couple of garbage
gourmets like yourselves?
My pleasure.
- Great! Now that he's gone,
we can search this whole place.
Everywhere except that bus,
of course.
- Guys, guys,
what are you doing?
You're wasting your time.
If you want to find
the armor piece,
you gotta check out that bus.
- I'm sorry, are you
a fake millionaire junk mogul?
- Yeah, let  us  handle it.
- This is why
we should never do their plans.
They're wasting time when
they should be on that bus.
- Yeah, when a bug man tells
you not to go on a creepy bus,
you get right on that bus,
mister!
- Yeah!
Creepy bus ahoy!
- I don't see
the armor piece in there.
- He must be using the bus
to block the way
into this mountain.
- So what do we do?
- Pfft.
A bus only weighs,
like, 25,000 pounds.
I got this.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
Liftin' like a boss!
- Raph, Raph, Raph!
- [strains]
- Raph, Raph, Raph, Raph?
Raph--hey, Raph?
- Huh?
What happened?
- Oh, you passed out
trying to single-handedly
lift a school bus!
- How far did I move it?
- Uh, I mean, you wiggled
the bumper a little.
But your neck vein was huge!
Let me try something.
Uh...
[grunts]
[thud]
Huh--wow, it worked!
- I don't see the armor piece.
Should we investigate that bus?
- No!
Stick to our plan,
Operation Not-Raph's-Plan.
We're the ones who know Repo,
and he is totally predictable.
- Yo!
- [screams]
I did not see that coming!
- You fancies want some caviar?
[chuckles]
I-I didn't have fish eggs
so I just used ladybugs.
- So what do we do now?
[bell rings]
[engine starts]
- Time to show Mikey and Donnie
what a real plan looks like!
[engine roars]
[heavy metal music]
[metal creaking]
- Well, somebody put the "rust"
in "rustic charm."
[chuckles]
[rimshot]
- Ahh!
Who left a drum set here?
That armor piece has to be
in here somewhere.
Keep your eyes peeled, Leo.
- I would if I could see
more than two feet ahead.
[clang]
Ow!
- My leader instincts
are tingling.
These must be the lights.
[mechanical clanking]
- [growls]
- Quick question--have we been
on enough of these missions
to form an opinion
about glowing red eyes?
- I've got an opinion.
Run!
- I'm starting to think Donnie
and Mikey's plan was better!
- [screams]
- Oh, I hate this, I hate this!
- [screaming]
- Ahh, it looked at me!
- [growling]
- Ahh!
[engine grinding]
- Come on, come on, come on,
come on, come on!
[engine grinding]
- Ahh!
- Come on!
Yeah!
[engine revs]
[tires squealing]
- I don't know how you
slicksters talked me into it,
but here are the keys
to my entire junk enterprise.
- A pleasure, sir,
and here is a briefcase
of our 100% real
artisanal currency.
- [chuckles]
Just let me grab a few things
and I'll be out
of your top hats forever.
- Good work, Armbruster.
Now we can take our sweet time
to look for that piece of the--
- Save yourselves!
- Raph!
I told you to stay in the car!
- Who are these guys?
Turtles?
You running
some kind of scam on me?
- Look out!
Hairball!
- [groans]
And you let my cat out?
Are you crazy?
- [howls]
- Tell it we're friends?
- It won't help.
Mrs. Nubbins
used to be so cuddly
until she got mutated
into a mantis.
Now all she wants to do
is eat my head.
- Fun fact: Praying manti
often practice cannibalism.
- Not fun for me!
- I think we're done here.
You guys wanna bounce?
- But we haven't found
the armor,
and we can't leave him
to get eaten!
- Oh, great.
We get to save the guy
who once repo'd
a birthday cake.
- [whimpers]
- [snarls]
- [grunts]
[sword rings]
- [yowls]
- Power smash!
[dramatic music]
- Oy.
both: Ahh!
- Ow, ow!
Man, Raph.
Why didn't you trust us
to do our plan--ow!
- 'Cause any time a bad guy
says "Don't go in there"
you're supposed to go in there
like a boss!
[sighs]
You're right.
Raph's had nothing
but bad ideas today.
- We weren't saying
you don't have good ideas.
We're just saying
that sometimes we do too!
- [snarling]
all: [screams]
- But now
is not one of those times!
Uh, got anything, boss man?
- Uh, okay, okay,
maybe we can trap it somehow
if we all put
our heads together.
What do we know about cats?
Go!
- Well, they're warm,
they're fuzzy,
and they're always trying
to eat dad.
[thud]
[groaning]
- [gasps]
That's it!
I bet we can make
a MantiCat-sized mouse.
- Sounds like a great plan!
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[engine revs]
[energetic rock music]
- [laughs]
- It's play time, Mrs. Nubbins!
♪ ♪
[yowls]
all: [shouts]
♪ ♪
- [roars]
- Get 'er in there!
- I'm on it.
Everybody bail on three.
- Three!
all: Ahh!
♪ ♪
- Raph, the bus!
- I got this.
♪ ♪
Pushin' like a boss!
[chanting]
all: Raph! Raph! Raph! Raph!
- Raph, Raph, Raph?
Hey, Raph?
- Huh?
What happened?
- You passed out again.
Are you getting enough iron?
Anyway, while you were out
we drove the bus back.
Big scary kitty
is all locked up.
- All right.
Great plan, team.
- Nice work
putting my cat away.
She gets so cranky
when she's hungry.
[cat roars]
I'll feed you soon,
my little snuggly-wuggly!
- So, Repo,
now that we solved
a very important problem
in your life--
- How about hooking us up
with that piece of mystic metal
you snagged earlier today?
- What?
Mystic metal?
Oh!
That was a special order
for a couple of shoe salesmen
with flame heads.
They picked it up
just before you guys got here.
- That's not good.
We gotta go!
[shrill scream]
- Hey!
This isn't money!
It's just a briefcase
full of loose tuna!
[crash]
- [roars]
No!
No, kitty, no!
Oh, snuggly-wuggly!
[cheerful music]
- [giggling]
- ♪ Snow day, hooray!
So magical and new ♪
♪ There's so much we could do ♪
- ♪ Snow day ♪
♪ No training, only fun
we've only just begun ♪
♪ I'm glad I'm here with you ♪
[thuds]
- ♪ Snow day, hooray! ♪
♪ Barometric pressure
is so low ♪
♪ But my heart is all aglow ♪
♪ Revving my up Tech-Bo ♪
- Whoa!
[chainsaw buzzes]
- [laughs]
- ♪ Snow day,
our snowman is the best ♪
♪ "Jupiter Jim" fans
will attest ♪
♪ Omigosh, my coat's a vest! ♪
♪ Snow day, hooray! ♪
♪ We all should be so proud ♪
♪ Snow day,
all together sing out loud ♪
together:
♪ Snow day, hooray! ♪
- Yeah!
[laughter]
- Great job, fam.
And Donnie, I guess.
- If I weren't so enchanted
by the beauty
of our replica Jupiter Jim
I'd probably say
something like,
"Look over there--
push!"
- And for the cherry on top,
this flag from "Jupiter Jim
Sails the Seven Galaxies."
- Best "JJ" movie
of all time, baby!
- What the what?
Hold up, Skip.
Jupiter Jim's
"Pluto Vacation 4"
is the best JJ movie
of all time.
- Ranked. By us. Just now.
So...
it's
basically-official-no-arguing.
[both laugh]
- "Jupiter Jim's
Pluto Vacation 4?"
Where JJ spends the entire
movie searching for ice
before realizing
the surface of Pluto...
is ice?
- Uh, yeah!
And every time we watch it
you three laugh your heads off.
- Because Raph
always falls asleep
and breaks something
with his face!
[eerie music]
- [snores]
[crashes]
- No!
- Uh, yeah! My face takes
damage like a boss!
Leo, hit me!
- Oh, please let me!
both: No!
[grunting]
- ♪ Nice and clean
nice and clean ♪
♪ My sidewalk
is nice and clean ♪
♪ La, la, la ♪
- [grunting]
[panting]
Tortugas?
In a family war?
[laughs]
These buttons I must push.
They ruined
my pro wrestling career!
I will make them ruin
their precious day of snow!
[delirious laughter]
- I'm the oldest.
My flag wins.
The end.
[slow-motion groan]
[thud]
Hey!
Who did that?
Was it Mayhem?
- Raph,
you were looking right at us.
- What a convenient excuse,
April.
- Yeah! I can't believe
you would weaponize snow
just to prove your flag
is better than ours.
- Glad to hear you agree
our flag is better.
- Our flag eats your flag's
lunch money for breakfast.
- Oh yeah?
- Yeah!
- My plan is working!
[both growling]
- [chuckles]
all: Snowball fight!
- What?
Real fight.
Not a snowball fight.
- Yes! Last player standing
gets to fly their team's flag.
- Okay.
We're up for a friendly game.
No safe base,
no weapons--
no mercy!
- And no ice balls,
no slush slappers,
no horse hoppers,
pepper poppers,
liberty launchers,
downtown hammers,
dream hackers, thrashers,
no Freddie Prinze Juniors--
[clears throat] No corked
snowballs of any kind.
We aren't savages.
- Speak for yourself.
- Ready...
- [chuckles]
- Set...
snow!
Oof!
[laughter]
- I hate them so much.
One day I will ruin something
they love!
[horn honks]
Ay yi yi!
[thud]
[groans]
[upbeat music]
- Ha!
Huh?
[screams]
- Oh boy!
- Ow!
Ahh!
♪ ♪
- [chuckles]
Ooh!
- [screams]
[bell rings]
- Uh--
[shouts]
- [snarls]
♪ ♪
- [chuckles]
[rock music]
- [laughs]
- [yells]
♪ ♪
Time out, time out,
time out!
You got me good
back there, Donnie,
but the game ain't over yet.
- Yes, but when it is my team's
flag will grace our statue
and wave like a queen
to her subjects.
- [yelling]
- Mikey?
- Snow day hooray, baby!
- Dude, that was incredible!
What was your hang time?
Like, two,
maybe three sequences?
- Yes, sweet sledding, Angelo.
And may I say,
this cocoa is exquisite!
Do I detect a skosh
of maple malt syrup?
- If you paid attention
to "Jupiter Jim Sails
the Seven Galaxies"
you would know what
the secret ingredient is.
- Um, you and Leo
always interrupt the movie
by fighting over who gets to
wear the Jupiter Jim costume.
- I want to wear
the captain's helmet this time!
[grunts]
[angels singing]
[licks rapidly]
- Eww!
[goofy music]
- Whoa!
You've never seen the end?
That's why you and Donnie
don't get why
"Seven Galaxies" is so much
better than the movie you like.
- Preach!
- I hear that!
- Trust me.
Our flag totally
deserves to be up there.
- Uh, what now?
Mayhem!
- [growls]
[snarls]
- Hey, hey!
- [snarls]
[both scream]
[thud]
- Oh, that is fun for me.
- [battle cry]
Break's over!
Game on!
[mysterious music]
♪ ♪
[gong rings]
[electric humming]
[ominous music]
♪ ♪
- [groans]
[grunts]
[moans]
[snarls]
[suspenseful music]
[frenzied cries]
[thunder echoes]
[cries echoing]
- What?
- Did anyone hear, like,
a really sick bird,
or something?
- [ragged breathing]
[roars]
[snarls]
Peek-a-boo, losers!
[laughs]
all: Ghostbear?
- Ooh!
Love the new look!
Ooh!
Hey, can I get a quick selfie?
[shutter clicking]
- Ugh!
Every time with this guy.
- How about a scar
to remember me by?
- What?
- Huh?
- [laughs]
[shutter clicks]
- What is this?
[grunts]
I can switch
between bear and ghost?
[chuckles]
[growls]
- [gurgles]
- Uh-oh.
- He hit Raph so hard,
he almost went
straight through our snowman!
- But our snowman's okay,
right?
- So it's the man of snow
that you love?
Then I will destroy it!
[roars]
- Mayhem, lil' help?
[ethereal chimes]
- Hmm?
[all shouting]
- [roars]
[dramatic music]
- He's too fast.
Leo, sacrifice yourself
to buy us time!
- [laughs]
[ethereal chime]
all: Yeah!
- Thanks, buddy!
- Okay, fam!
Nobody messes
with our snowman!
Now let's beat this bozo bear
like Jupiter Jim
beat those space pirates!
- How dare you use
this dire moment
to plug your
obviously lesser movie--huh?
- [roars]
all: [screams]
[all gasping]
all: No!
- [snarls]
- Come on!
- [laughs]
Bien.
- You're a monster--
not because you look that way--
- But because
you ruined something
that we collectively cherish!
Humbug upon you, sir,
humbug!
- Yeah.
We all love Jupiter Jim.
Which movie is better
doesn't even matter.
If I'm being real,
I love how Donnie performs
all the musical numbers
when we watch "PV4."
- And I do like how Raph
gets stuck in a pirate accent
after we watch
"Seven Galaxies."
- I try to stop,
but it be too hard.
- Villain over here!
- It's watching
the "Jupiter Jim" movies
together as a family
that makes them so special.
- Bring it in.
Come on.
- Aww!
I'm tearing up over here.
- Oh, how sweet.
[roars]
- That's it.
Mad Dogs, ahoy!
[dramatic music]
♪ ♪
- [roars]
- [yells]
- Oh, no!
- [chuckles]
[chuckles]
Huh?
Hmm...
Tortugas,
come out to play!
- Should we
call animal control?
- We could use the flags
to blind him.
- But Ghostbear only stays
solid when he's attacking us!
- Shh!
[wood splinters]
together: [screams]
[thud]
- Uh-oh.
[wood splinters]
Ahh!
[laughter]
I got it!
You guys stay close enough
so he's attacking
and stays solid.
We'll use our icy environment
just like Jupiter Jim did!
- Wow, full circle.
- [growls]
- Yoo-hoo!
Fuzzy wuzzy bear-man!
- [snarls]
- Mayhem, do your thing.
[ethereal chime]
- [yells]
[screams]
- [snarls]
- Cowabunga!
- I'm afraid of the dark!
[screams]
- [growls]
[triumphant music]
♪ ♪
- [cries out]
- Donnie?
- Let's see you phase through
my hexagonal crystalline solid,
AKA ice!
[ice beam zapping]
- Tortugas!
- Guys, it's working!
- [groaning]
♪ ♪
all: Yeah!
- Awesome job, fam-o!
- Raph, for the cherry on top,
why don't you
put your flag up there?
- I've got a better idea.
Since we all love
"Jupiter Jim" equally,
and we all worked together as
equals to put Ghostbear on ice,
our flag should represent
all of us.
- Wait, wait, wait.
How come Raph's is on top?